reword Genesis staking / 3x veHNT bonus to clarify (#1044)
helium/docs: docs/mine-hnt/validators/validators-and-voting-power.mdx

### Is There a Staking "Genesis" Period?

For the first seven days after Helium's migration onto Solana, there will be a 3x bonus for new veHNT
stakers.

> New stakers are only eligible to receive this 3x veHNT bonus during the initial seven-day "Genesis" period. HNT staked after this period will receive veHNT at the normal 1x rate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
New stakers are only eligible to receive this a veHNT bonus during the initial seven-day "Genesis" period. HNT staked after this period will receive veHNT at the normal rate.
```
